Updating readme instructions (#489)
rust-lang/rustc_codegen_gcc: Readme.md

The primary goal of this project is to be able to compile Rust code on platforms unsupported by LLVM.
A secondary goal is to check if using the gcc backend will provide any run-time speed improvement for the programs compiled using rustc.

> ### Install rustup if need it
> 
> Follow the instructions on the official [website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dependencies

**rustup:** Follow the instructions on the official [website](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
```

**This requires a patched libgccjit in order to work.
You need to use my [fork of gcc](https://github.com/antoyo/gcc) which already includes these patches.**

> Run this in your terminal:

Reviewer 2: I think this is unneeded.

## Usage

You have to run these commands, in the corresponding order:

```bash
$ ./y.sh prepare
$ ./y.sh build
```

> To check if all is  working correctly, run ``./y.sh cargo build --manifest-path tests/hello-world/Cargo.toml`` in your terminal.

Reviewer 2: `````suggestion
To check if all is working correctly, run:

```bash
$ ./y.sh cargo build --manifest-path tests/hello-world/Cargo.toml
```
`````

### Install rustup if need it
On Unix, run:

```bash

> curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh

Reviewer 2: Please just mention to install `rustup` by going to `rustup.rs`.

## Usage

> **Note:** You can ignore this step, by just cd into the repo directory.

Reviewer 2: Better to just remove it completely.

`$CG_GCCJIT_DIR` is the directory you cloned this repo into in the following instructions:

```bash
export CG_GCCJIT_DIR=[the full path to rustc_codegen_gcc]
```

Then you have to run these commands, in the corresponding order:

```bash

> 1- ./y.sh prepare
> 2- ./y.sh build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ ./y.sh prepare
$ ./y.sh build
```

```

> If you get an error while running the second command, you should delete the first line inside of your ``config.toml`` like the following:

Reviewer 2: Please remove this part. I'll update the `config.example.toml` to comment the `gcc-path` setting instead.

Author: I did not delete the prepare and build commands, since that something that we have to do first to run this command: `` ./y.sh cargo build --manifest-path tests/hello-world/Cargo.toml ``

Reviewer: Perhaps we should rework the previous part of the readme as those commands are shown there.

@GuillaumeGomez: How would you see this?

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine for now, we can always make changes about it later on.

```bash
gcc-path = "gcc-build/gcc"
download-gccjit = true
```
Delete ``gcc-path = "gcc-build/gcc"`` and run ``./y.sh build`` again.

To check if all is  working correctly, run ``./y.sh cargo build --manifest-path tests/hello-world/Cargo.toml`` in your terminal.

> ### Install rustup if need it

Reviewer 2: I think this information should be at the top.

Author: But first we have to run the prepare and build commands as i understand. That is the reason that is not on top of that section.

Reviewer 2: Euh... You need to rust to build any `y.sh` command.

Author: When you say at the top, which section do you mean?

Reviewer 2: Before `Building`.

Author: > Euh... You need to rust to build any `y.sh` command.

Sorry, at the begining I understood something different.

## Usage

You have to run these commands, in the corresponding order:

```bash
$ ./y.sh prepare

> $ ./y.sh build

Reviewer: Oh, I missed that. There was an update in my fork that I just synced and this now needs to be:
```suggestion
$ ./y.sh build --sysroot
```
